The following parameters can be used in FlexPaper

 * *SwfFile* (_String_) : The document FlexPaper should open

 * *Scale* (_Number_) : The initial zoom factor that should be used. Should be a number above 0 (1=100%)

 * *ZoomTransition* (_String_) The zoom transition that should be used when zooming in FlexPaper. It uses the same Transition modes as the Tweener. The default value is easeOut. Some examples: easenone, easeout, linear, easeoutquad

 * *ZoomTime* (_Number_) The time it should take for the zoom to reach the new zoom factor. Should be 0 or greater. 

 * *ZoomInterval* (_Number_) The interval which the zoom slider should be using. Basically how big the "step" should be between each zoom factor. The default value is 0.1. Should be a positive number.

 * *FitPageOnLoad* (_Boolean_) Fits the page on initial load. Same effect as using the fit-page button in the toolbar.

 * *FitWidthOnLoad* (_Boolean_) Fits the width on initial load. Same effect as using the fit-width button in the toolbar.

 * *PrintEnabled* (_Boolean_) Disables or enables print for the document. Please note that this in no way sufficient by itself to protect your intellectual property. It is merely a way of disabling the functionality for the average user and is in no way any final digital rights management or copyright protection.

 * *localeChain* (_String_) Sets the locale (language) to use. The following languages are currently supported: 
   * en_US (English)
   * fr_FR (French)
   * zh_CN (Chinese, Simple)
   * es_ES (Spanish)
   * pt_BR (Brazilian Portugese)
   * ru_RU (Russian)
   * fi_FN (Finnish)
   * de_DE (German)
   * nl_NL (Netherlands)
   * tr_TR (Turkish)
   * se_SE (Swedish)
   * pt_PT (Portugese)
   * el_EL (Greek)
   * da_DN (Danish)
   * cz_CS (Czech)
   * it_IT (Italian)
   * pl_PL (Polish)
   * pv_FN (Finnish)
   * hu_HU (Hungarian)

 * *FullScreenAsMaxWindow* (_Boolean_) With this set to true, clicking on fullscreen will open a new browser window with FlexPaper maximized instead of using true fullscreen. This is a preferred setting when using FlexPaper as flash standalone as the security limitations of the Flash player disables (for security reasons) most of the input controls in true fullscreen.

 * *ProgressiveLoading* (_Boolean_) Will load and display the document progressively when set to true as opposed to downloading the complete document before displaying the pages. Documents need to be converted to at least Flash version 9 for this to work (-T 9 flag using PDF2SWF)

 * *PrintToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the print tool section of the toolbar

 * *ViewModeToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the view mode section of the toolbar

 * *ZoomToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the zoom section of the toolbar

 * *FullScreenVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the full screen section of the toolbar

 * *NavToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the navigation section of the toolbar

 * *CursorToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the cursor section of the toolbar

 * *SearchToolsVisible* (_Boolean_) Sets the visibility for the search section of the toolbar

----

The parameters are passed using flashvars or by setting properties on the flexpaper component inside flex, depending on your choice of usage. The code block below shows an example of how the parameters can be passed using the pre-compiled flash version

{{{
var flashvars = { 
                  SwfFile :       "Paper.swf",
				  Scale : 0.6,
				  ZoomTransition : "easeOut",
				  ZoomTime : 0.5,
  				  ZoomInterval : 0.1,
  				  FitPageOnLoad : false,
  				  FitWidthOnLoad : false,
  				  PrintEnabled : false,
  				  localeChain : "en_US",
  				  FullScreenAsMaxWindow : true
				  };
			 var params = {
				
			    }
            params.quality = "high";
            params.bgcolor = "#ffffff";
            params.allowscriptaccess = "sameDomain";
            params.allowfullscreen = "true";
            var attributes = {};
            attributes.id = "FlexPaperViewer";
            attributes.name = "FlexPaperViewer";
            swfobject.embedSWF(
                "FlexPaperViewer.swf", "flashContent", 
                "600", "500", 
                swfVersionStr, xiSwfUrlStr, 
                flashvars, params, attributes);
}}}